Synthesis docs updates (#501)
Azure/eno: docs/synthesis/README.md

- **Any language**: Implement the [JSON protocol](#protocol) directly

Your synthesizer needs to:
1. Read a JSON ResourceList from stdin
2. Process the input resources 
3. Write a JSON ResourceList with generated resources to stdout

## When Synthesis Runs

Eno automatically triggers synthesis when any of these conditions occur:

- **Composition changes**: The composition resource itself is modified
- **Synthesizer changes**: The synthesizer container image or configuration changes  
- **Input changes**: Any input resource bound to the composition changes

### Controlling Synthesis Timing

#### Deferral for Large-Scale Changes

Some changes can affect many compositions simultaneously. These are marked as "deferred" to prevent overwhelming your cluster:

- **Synthesizer updates**: Changes to synthesizer images/config
- **Deferred inputs**: Input resources with `defer: true` in their binding

Deferred changes use a global cooldown period (configurable with `--rollout-cooldown`) to stagger synthesis across compositions.

**Opting out of deferred synthesis:**
```yaml
metadata:
  annotations:
    eno.azure.io/ignore-side-effects: "true"
```

> With this annotation, only direct composition changes will trigger synthesis.

Reviewer: "only changes to the composition spec"

Author: ```suggestion
With this annotation, only changes to the composition spec will trigger synthesis.
```

#### Input Synchronization 

Sometimes you need multiple input resources to be synchronized before synthesis runs.

**Revision-based synchronization:**
```yaml
# On input resources
metadata:
  annotations:
    eno.azure.io/revision: "123"
```
Synthesis waits until all inputs have the same revision number.

**Generation-based synchronization:**
```yaml
# On input resources  
metadata:
  annotations:
    # Wait for synthesizer to reach generation 123
    eno.azure.io/synthesizer-generation: "123"
    
    # Wait for composition to reach generation 321
    eno.azure.io/composition-generation: "321"
```

> This blocks synthesis until input controllers have "seen" the current synthesizer/composition state.

Reviewer: `"seen" the requested`

Author: ```suggestion
This blocks synthesis until input controllers have "seen" the requested synthesizer/composition state.
```
